Edtech games really cares about two things, learning science and motivation. Pak can you make a learning app on the Board that incorporates both proper pedagogy (learning science) and fun gameplay (motivation)?

Learning science: Direct instruction is by far the most effective way to teach. Scaffolded direct instruction games is what we build here at Playcademy. Basically, we teach students one lesson/skill in 4 scaffolds (E1, E2, E3, E4). E1 -> A fully instructional . E2 -> A little bit less instructional but generally a lot of handholding to practice problems. E3 -> Less handholding. E4 -> Zero handholding (no instruction or hints at all), just practice.
Motivation: Fun interesting UI. You can use assets you find on the internet. No need to try and generate assets. Focus on making it look good, but also think about the game design. We find that a progression system is a great motivation factor. Like Math Quest is about a long journey to find a castle, Volcabulon is a Pokemon collection game that takes time to catch them all.

Can you build a learning app with one single lesson of your choosing, broken into E1 E2 E3 E4? E4 is straight forward, just give them the practice problem. For E1 E2 and E3, please follow this Direct Instruction book and how it does it scaffolds its handholding. Feel free to ask Claude to read the DI book and break it into the Es for you. Focus on implementing one lesson, but for your game design, think about the player's progression long term.

Please do you best and ask me any clarifying questions. Send me updates and I'll make sure Patrick sees it.

Getting ramped up on developing for the Board is quite time consuming though. If you feel you're move comfortable doing a web app, let me know. Though, I do think a good Board project would be more impressive since not many people did the Board.